Spelling (#4609)
pfsense/pfsense: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

### **Submitting Changes**

The easiest and best way to contribute code changes to the project is through pull requests on GitHub.

> For an outline of the process and guidelines to follow, see [Submitting a Pull Request via GitHub](https://doc.pfsense.org/index.php/Submitting_a_Pull_Request_via_GitHub)

Author: Actually, this should really be:
```suggestion
For an outline of the process and guidelines to follow, see [Submitting a Pull Request via GitHub](https://docs.netgate.com/pfsense/en/latest/development/pull-request.html#submitting-a-pull-request-via-github)
```

Reviewer: Agreed.
